1. Create index.html in your favourite text editor. Use pure JavaScript in your code – no
JavaScript libraries or frameworks. Your JavaScript can either be in a separate .js file, or it
can be contained in the index.html page.

2. When loading index.html into Chrome or Firefox, it should draw a 100x100 grid of cells,
with columns labelled A-Z, AA, AB, AC, etc. and rows numbered 1 to 100.

---CV100 grid---
use <body onload> for initialization, to generate table.
require a refresh method as well.
require a way to convert numbers to letters:
    array with all 24 letters, call recursively if needed for more 24 characters.
iterate through rows / columns to create required table with cells.
----------------

3. When you click in a cell and enter a number, it should store the number in a JavaScript
object (note: this would be lost when you refresh the page).

---Caching Cell Values---
when iterating through cells, create cell objects.
when focus lost on cell, save value to object.
----------------

4. Have a refresh button that redraws the grid (without refreshing the page) and inserts data
into cells where you've saved it.

---Refresh---
Add a function to destroy the table, then run the generate table function again.
When generating table, check if the cell's object value is cached, and if set the value of the cell
Link function to a button, trigger onclick
Should this be visually obvious? Might need to add a timeout.
----------------

5. Add support for some basic formulas. For example if you enter "=A1+A2" into A3 it
should calculate the sum of these two cells and display the result in A3. Updating A1 would
update A3.

---Formulas---
Could use eval() for simple arithmatic - this would require validation
Need to distinguish between formulas and display values.
Need to make cells include dependents that they can trigger the update for (so that if I change A1 and it's referenced by B1, B1 will also update afterwards)
Need to make sure that I'm not allowing a recursive loop, (IE: A1 dependent on B1, B1 dependent on A1)

add to cellObject { 
    input : 'user input',
    value : 'display output'
    dependants : [cell references]
    }

cellObject.input will display when user is interacting with cell, then save to object, along with any dependents. (cells used in formula)
cellObject.value will be evaluated based on input (ie: if there's a formula) and then displayed.
cellObject.dependents will include an array of dependents, iterate through these and update them. *Check for recursive loop beforehand*
----------------

6. Add support for some basic functions. For example if you enter "=sum(A1:A10)" into
A11, then it should calculate the sum of all cells in the range and display the result in
A11. Updating any value in the range would recalculate A11.

---Operations---
Grab lower range reference and higher range reference (ie: G1:Z3) and iterate between to collect cell references.
Check for operation and separate references by appropriate arithmatic operator (ie: + for SUM)
----------------

7. Add support for formatting, for example bold, italics and underline

---Formatting---
Modify innerHTML of text to include appropriate tags (<b> <i> <u>)
----------------